Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-callback-panel-redirect-users-on-callbacks: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T228312)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Callback Panel for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to redirect a user on a callback
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t228312/)**
<!-- run online end -->
This example demonstrates how to redirect users during the [Callback Panel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/8277/components/multi-use-site-controls/callback-panel?p=netframework) control's callback.

> ![Redirect Users on a Callback](redirect-on-callback.png)

Reviewer: On this image, the "Email" caption ends with a colon character but "Password" does not. Shouldn't "Password" end with a colon as well? The current state looks inconsistent. Alternatively, you could have removed a colon at "Email".

As a matter of personal preference, I favor colons. Either way, consistency is important.

> In the example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for e-mail address and password. The panel sends a callback to the server once you click the button. On the server, the [ValidateEditorsInContainer](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxEdit.ValidateEditorsInContainer(System.Web.UI.Control)?p=netframework) method validates text box values. If they pass validation, the [RedirectOnCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.RedirectOnCallback(System.String)?p=netframework) method redirects you to the *Login.aspx* page. If validation fails, one or more error messages appear in the [Validation Summary](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11626/components/data-editors/validationsummary?p=netframework) control above the text boxes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for an email address and password. The panel sends a callback to the server once you click the button. On the server, the [ValidateEditorsInContainer](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxEdit.ValidateEditorsInContainer(System.Web.UI.Control)?p=netframework) method validates text box values. If they pass validation, the [RedirectOnCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.RedirectOnCallback(System.String)?p=netframework) method redirects you to the *Login.aspx* page. If validation fails, one or more error messages appear in the [Validation Summary](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11626/components/data-editors/validationsummary?p=netframework) control above the text boxes.
```

> In the example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for an email address and password. The panel sends a callback to the server once you click the button. On the server, the [ValidateEditorsInContainer](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxEdit.ValidateEditorsInContainer(System.Web.UI.Control)?p=netframework) method validates text box values. If they pass validation, the [RedirectOnCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.RedirectOnCallback(System.String)?p=netframework) method redirects you to the *Login.aspx* page. If the validation fails, one or more error messages appear in the [Validation Summary](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11626/components/data-editors/validationsummary?p=netframework) control above the text boxes.

Reviewer: > In the example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for **an** email address and password.

This is a very tricky sentence to begin with. First, you definitely cannot join "email address" and "password" under the same indefinite article -- these nouns are not uniform. The grammatically correct version would look as follows:

> In this example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for **an** email address and **a** password.

While this variant is grammatically correct, everything is not that simple. "Email address" and "password" refer to the types of user input rather than specific instances of email address and password. The mentioned text boxes are intended for email addresses and passwords, however, this login form can accept only one email address and one password at a time.

This is the case of implicit conversion into mass nouns, and we have the right not to use articles with mass nouns unless it's absolutely necessary. Why "email address" and "password" can be interpreted as mass nouns? Because they refer to the corresponding types of user input. You can sort of treat them as proper nouns (names).

Make no mistake, the variant "**an** email address and **a** password" is completely correct in terms of grammar. However, lean, concise, and efficient writing is the cornerstone of our editorial policy. Therefore, I'm removing this indefinite article.

**Important**: I will not count this as your issue because this case is tricky, and all of us need to learn and recognize them properly first. I do hope my explanation made sense to you. If it didn't, you can ask me personally -- I'll do my best to explain it.

> If they pass validation, the [RedirectOnCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.RedirectOnCallback(System.String)?p=netframework) method redirects you to the *Login.aspx* page. If **the** validation fails, one or more error messages appear in the [Validation Summary](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11626/components/data-editors/validationsummary?p=netframework) control above the text boxes.

I understand why did you use a definite article in the last sentence -- you did it to refer to the "same" validation you mentioned in the previous sentence. While you can probably interpret "validation" as countable, however, it is an abstract word at its very core, and we can treat it as uncountable in this context. You did it right to treat it as uncountable, and I commend you for it.

The definite article at "validation" in the second sentence is entirely optional -- because yes, you have the right to refer to a previously declared entity. However, one or more error messages appear in the `Validation Summary` control  above the text boxes **every** time validation fails. Not necessarily this validation -- but **any** validation. And, since "validation" is uncountable, we do not need an article.

This is not a grammar error per se but if we can go by with fewer words -- we should. This is one of the most important parts of our editorial policy. I hope my explanations made sense to you.

> In the example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for an email address and password. The panel sends a callback to the server once you click the button. On the server, the [ValidateEditorsInContainer](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxEdit.ValidateEditorsInContainer(System.Web.UI.Control)?p=netframework) method validates text box values. If they pass validation, the [RedirectOnCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.RedirectOnCallback(System.String)?p=netframework) method redirects you to the *Login.aspx* page. If the validation fails, one or more error messages appear in the [Validation Summary](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11626/components/data-editors/validationsummary?p=netframework) control above the text boxes.

Reviewer: One more thing -- since we use "email" as an adjective for "address", I believe we should use hyphenated form to outline this fact.

```suggestion
In the example, the callback panel displays a **Login** button and text boxes for e-mail address and password. The panel sends a callback to the server once you click the button. On the server, the [ValidateEditorsInContainer](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxEdit.ValidateEditorsInContainer(System.Web.UI.Control)?p=netframework) method validates text box values. If they pass validation, the [RedirectOnCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxWebControl.RedirectOnCallback(System.String)?p=netframework) method redirects you to the *Login.aspx* page. If validation fails, one or more error messages appear in the [Validation Summary](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11626/components/data-editors/validationsummary?p=netframework) control above the text boxes.
```
